Update TabView (#926)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/tabview/styling/header-itemstyle-selector.md

---
title: Header ItemStyle Selector
page_title: .NET MAUI TabView Documentation - Header ItemStyle Selector
description: Learn how to apply a style selector to the header items of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TabView.
slug: tabview-header-itemstyle-selector
tags: tabview, maui, dotnet, header, styleselector
position: 3
---

# .NET MAUI TabView Header ItemStyle Selector

> Through the `HeaderItemStyleSelector` property you can apply different styles to each TabView header item. The target type of the Style must be `TabViewHeaderItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TabView control provides the built-in `HeaderItemStyleSelector` property,  which allows you to apply different styles to each TabView header item. The target type of the Style must be `TabViewHeaderItem`.
```

> **1.** Define the TabView control:

Reviewer: Introduce the example.
```suggestion
The following example shows how to apply styles to the TabView items.

**1.** Define the TabView control:
```

<snippet id='tabview-styling-headeritemstyleselector' />

**2.** Define the `StylSelector` resources:

<snippet id='tabview-styling-styleselector-resources' />

**3.** Define the `StylSelector` class:

<snippet id='tabview-header-styleselector-class' />

> Here is the TabView after applying the `HeaderItemStyleSelector`:

Reviewer: See the comment for this sentence in `controls/tabview/styling/header-styling.md`.
